What does it guys I want KMAX now in this video we will be working at The View commerce settings.
Let's just go ahead and let's hit settings and you can see that we are in the settings.
OK.
We have overview of this already and these are not much necessary right now.
Mean we will be working in the reviewing of our site be able just give some fake orders then we will
be working up with the orders coupons and everything OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's just come here in the general settings we have the address line you
guys already know about this right here.
Okay.
And then we have the general options.
These are basically very important.
Okay.
This is like cell location.
So if you want to just very you want to sell your product.
OK.
So Mike someone is from Russia or someone is from America or somebody from London.
So you just select for sell to all countries except for.
So if I don't want to sell to like Russia I'll just select here Russia that I don't want to sell to
Russia or if I don't want to sell in America I'll just select America.
OK.
United States basically United States.
If I don't want to sell them.
OK.
See I'm like this.
I can just add the United Kingdom you don't sell to the United Kingdom you don't sell to United Arab
Emirates and something like that.
OK so if you don't want to sell to these countries you have to select this option.
OK.
If you want to just select a specific cell to specific countries OK then you can so like that like we
just want to sell it to Pakistan and no one else we don't care about them and we just want to sell to
our country and then I'll just hit save changes and then I will sell sell to only this country.
So there are online stores like that like if we just open up some of them say they just sell to their
country only because of the shipping charges and the custom and something like that.
So you can also build your own country based online store.
OK.
So then you have to use your country domain name because I would recommend you to go over this otherwise
you will be good.
OK so let's just go ahead let's just come here and be Vaun to sell to all countries.
OK.
Like the billing address can be on any country.
And then we have shipped to all countries you sell to.
OK.
This is like we ship to all the countries we ship to specific countries only.
This is like ship to specific countries so I can say like you know like we ship to a select all you
can see every country has been selected.
OK.
And then if I want to remove any in any country I can just remove it from here.
Again does it select none and he can see that I can select only one country so if I wanted to create
a gift selling based Web site like anyone from anywhere can send some products gift products to Pakistan.
OK.
So if a guy is in America and her fiance is in Pakistan OK and that guy wants to send a gift to that.
So his billing address would be America.
We are selling there in America but we are all shipping in Pakistan.
So this is what I mean.
OK so there is a difference between selling and the shipping.
OK.
So the billing address would be in America and the product is going to be shipped from us to Pakistan
to the lady who is living in Pakistan.
OK.
So this is what I'm telling you.
Exactly.
OK so what I'm going to do I'm just going to slight ship to all countries you sell to because I want
to ship to all of the countries.
OK.
And then we have the default customer locations.
It's going to geo locate how.
What is that.
What is the meaning of this.
It means that it is going to get the IP.
If we just go to what is my IP.
OK.
And then I go back.
So what is my IP.
OK then on my IP on May on the basis of my IP it's going to grab my location.
It's going to grab application.
You can see this is coming like this.
The country is this and the ISP is this.
OK.
So my country is this is going to grab the IP from the geolocation.
Hey it's going to be located and then we have the Enable taxes and the store notice.
What does this is that you want to enable the taxes and calculations like if you want to sell to other
countries you probably charging them their tax because you have to pay to the government.
OK.
And if you want to add the price inclusive of tax like you will at the price you will just.
So let's suppose that this is the price of my shirt but just $25 and I am already charging them the
tax so if my actual price is twenty three point five then I am charging 1.5 the tax So this is costing
me 25.
So if you are already adding the tax in your products then and then just to not check it.
Okay.
And if you want to the tax to be added Okay automatically on the basis of price on the basis of country
and everything then you have to select it.
Okay.
So on selecting the tax will be added on the price and everything on the Persian database's Okay.
So I will be entering I will be adding the tax.
Okay.
And then we have the store notice if you don't want to add the tax just uncheck it.
And then we have the store notice what is this.
It will just add the store notice on the store that if you want to add anything.
So if you want to add a store notice about 50 percent of all products use the coupon good 50 percent.
Okay.
And then they go to card when they check out you have to enter the coupon code and then this product
will be on 50 percent off.
Okay.
So this is what I mean exactly.
Now lets just come here and let's just add a store notice if I check it you can see this is coming here.
This is a demo store for testing purposes.
No orders shall be fulfilled so make sure that you add it because we are creating a demo store right
now.
This is not our online store.
If if if someone buy the product and you are not able to ship it he'll just open that he will just open
that in the Pay-Pal that this guy unship the product and that there would be a problem you have to refund
them the amount and something like that.
So just add this text and did not configure your Pay-Pal are not going up the bill.
OK so if you want to add it you just have to come here and then you have to go down.
And then we have the currency option OK.
It says the following options affect how prices are displayed on the front end.
OK.
So the currency is the dollar is the currency position is this currency position is left like if I just
come here you can see that I can add the currency symbol to the right.
I can add this space 3 year I can add the space here in the left section.
So I'm just going to be going up at the left because I like this one.
And then we have thousands of separators some most countries.
They use d'arte 40000 spritzers.
OK.
And for decimal they use dot com for NSM OK.
So you can decide that for thousands of Prader you have to use a comma and four decimals or traders
you have to use dot or full stop or a decimal.
You can see this is what we call and then we have the number of decimals so it is to max it will not
go beyond that.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's say save and you can see that we're done with the general settings
for commerce 681 guys in in the next video will be working up the product setting.
Goodbye.